how african americans were immigrated to the us  as such , african immigrants are to be distinguished from african american people , the latter of whom are descendants of mostly west and central africans who were involuntarily brought to the united states by means of the historic atlantic slave trade .
how a water pump works  pumps operate by some mechanism ( typically reciprocating or rotary ) , and consume energy to perform mechanical work by moving the fluid .
how old was sue lyon when she made lolita  the actress who played lolita , sue lyon , was fourteen at the time of filming .
how are antibodies used in  an antibody ( ab ) , also known as an immunoglobulin ( ig ) , is a large y-shaped protein produced by b-cells that is used by the immune system to identify and neutralize foreign objects such as bacteria and viruses .
how are antibodies used in  the antibody recognizes a unique part of the foreign target , called an antigen .
how are antibodies used in  each tip of the `` y '' of an antibody contains a paratope ( a structure analogous to a lock ) that is specific for one particular epitope ( similarly analogous to a key ) on an antigen , allowing these two structures to bind together with precision .
how are antibodies used in  using this binding mechanism , an antibody can tag a microbe or an infected cell for attack by other parts of the immune system , or can neutralize its target directly ( for example , by blocking a part of a microbe that is essential for its invasion and survival ) .
how much is centavos in mexico  the peso is subdivided into 100 centavos , represented by `` ¢ `` .
how long was mickie james with wwe ?  james appeared in world wrestling entertainment ( wwe ) in october 2005 and was placed in a storyline with trish stratus , in which james ' gimmick was that of stratus ' biggest fan turned obsessed stalker , an angle which lasted almost a year .
how does interlibrary loan work  interlibrary loan ( abbreviated ill , and sometimes called interloan , document delivery , or document supply ) is a service whereby a user of one library can borrow books or receive photocopies of documents that are owned by another library .
how does interlibrary loan work  the user makes a request with their local library , which , acting as an intermediary , identifies owners of the desired item , places the request , receives the item , makes it available to the user , and arranges for its return .
what bacteria grow on macconkey agar  macconkey agar is a culture medium designed to grow gram-negative bacteria and differentiate them for lactose fermentation .
how did harmon killebrew get strong  with quick hands and exceptional upper-body strength , killebrew was known not just for the frequency of his home runs but also for their distance .
how much did waterboy grossed  the movie was extremely profitable , earning $ 161.5 million in north america alone .
how is whooping cough distinguished from similar diseases  symptoms are initially mild , and then develop into severe coughing fits , which produce the namesake high-pitched `` whoop '' sound in infected babies and children when they inhale air after coughing .
how is whooping cough distinguished from similar diseases  the coughing stage lasts approximately six weeks before subsiding .
how do you play spades  the object is to take at least the number of tricks that were bid before play of the hand began .
what causes heart disease  the causes of cardiovascular disease are diverse but atherosclerosis and/or hypertension are the most common .
what countries did immigrants come from during the immigration  the history of immigration to the united states is a continuing story of peoples from more populated continents , particularly europe and also africa and asia , crossing oceans to the new land .
what countries did immigrants come from during the immigration  starting around 1600 british and other europeans settled primarily on the east coast .
what can sql 2005 do  as a database , it is a software product whose primary function is to store and retrieve data as requested by other software applications , be it those on the same computer or those running on another computer across a network ( including the internet ) .
what does righteousness mean  righteousness ( also called rectitude ) is an important theological concept in christianity , judaism , islam , hinduism ( dharma ) , and zoroastrianism .
what does righteousness mean  it is an attribute that implies that a person 's actions are justified , and can have the connotation that the person has been `` judged '' or `` reckoned '' as leading a life that is pleasing to the god/s portrayed in these belief systems .
how does a dim sum restaurant work  dim sum ( ) refers to a style of cantonese food prepared as small bite-sized or individual portions of food traditionally served in small steamer baskets or on small plates .
how does a dim sum restaurant work  dim sum is also well known for the unique way it is served in some restaurants , wherein fully cooked and ready-to-serve dim sum dishes are carted around the restaurant for customers to choose their orders while seated at their tables .
how does a dim sum restaurant work  eating dim sum at a restaurant is usually known in cantonese as going to `` drink tea '' ( yum cha , 飲茶 ) , as tea is typically served with dim sum .
what city was the convention when gerald ford was nominated  held in kemper arena in kansas city , missouri , the convention nominated president gerald ford for a full term , but only after narrowly defeating a strong challenge from former california governor ronald reagan .
how is jerky made  jerky is lean meat that has been trimmed of fat , cut into strips , and then dried to prevent spoilage .
how is jerky made  modern manufactured jerky is normally marinated in a seasoned spice rub or liquid , and dried , dehydrated or smoked with low heat ( usually under 70 °c/160 °f ) .
what did tycho brahe do  tycho brahe ( 14 december 154624 october 1601 ) , born tyge ottesen brahe , was a danish nobleman known for his accurate and comprehensive astronomical and planetary observations .
what did tycho brahe do  tycho was well known in his lifetime as an astronomer and alchemist .
how old r dylan and cole sprouse  dylan thomas sprouse and cole mitchell sprouse ( born august 4 , 1992 ) are american actors .
what does s.h.i.e.l.d stand for  the acronym originally stood for supreme headquarters , international espionage , law-enforcement division .
what day is st. patricks day  saint patrick 's day or the feast of saint patrick ( , `` the day of the festival of patrick '' ) is a cultural and religious holiday celebrated on 17 march .
how many books are included in the protestant bible ?  christian bibles range from the sixty-six books of the protestant canon to the eighty-one books of the ethiopian orthodox tewahedo church canon .
what became of rich on price is right  fields is currently a meteorologist for the cbs owned and operated television stations kcbs-tv and kcal-tv in los angeles , california .
what became of rich on price is right  fields can also be heard on the radio on k-earth 101 krth , knx-am and kfwb in los angeles .
how did women 's role change during the war  whether it was on the home front or the front-lines , for civilian or enlisted women , the world wars started a new era for women 's opportunities to contribute in war and be recognized for efforts outside of the home .
how many seasons were there of the wire  the wire premiered on june 2 , 2002 , and ended on march 9 , 2008 , comprising 60 episodes over five seasons .
how many humps on a camel  the two surviving species of camel are the dromedary , or one-humped camel , which is native to the middle east and the horn of africa ; and the bactrian , or two-humped camel , which inhabits central asia .
what can be powered by wind  wind power is the conversion of wind energy into a useful form of energy , such as using wind turbines to make electrical power , windmills for mechanical power , wind pumps for water pumping or drainage , or sails to propel ships .
what county is jacksonville florida in  it is the county seat of duval county , with which the city government consolidated in 1968 .
what does a liquid oxygen plant look like  the blue color of liquid oxygen in a dewar flask
what does human sperm consist of ?  in humans , seminal fluid contains several components besides spermatozoa : proteolytic and other enzymes as well as fructose are elements of seminal fluid which promote the survival of spermatozoa and provide a medium through which they can move or `` swim '' .
what does alkali do to liquids ?  some authors also define an alkali as a base that dissolves in water .
how jameson irish whiskey is made  jameson is similar in its adherence to the single distillery principle to the single malt tradition , but jameson blends column still spirit with single pot still whiskey , a combination of malted barley with unmalted or `` green '' barley distilled in a pot still .
what does gloria in excelsis deo mean  `` gloria in excelsis deo '' ( latin for `` glory to god in the highest '' ) is a hymn known also as the greater doxology ( as distinguished from the `` minor doxology '' or gloria patri ) and the angelic hymn .
how many grams in a troy ounce of gold  there are 12 troy ounces per troy pound , rather than the 16 ounces per pound found in the more common avoirdupois system .
how many grams in a troy ounce of gold  the troy ounce is 480 grains , compared with the avoirdupois ounce , which is 4371⁄2 grains .
how much of our universe does plasma make up  in the universe , plasma is the most common state of matter for ordinary matter , most of which is in the rarefied intergalactic plasma ( particularly intracluster medium ) and in stars .
what circuit court is maryland  the circuit courts of maryland are the state trial courts of general jurisdiction in maryland .
how often does ham station need to id ?  station identification used to be done regularly by an announcer at the halfway point during the presentation of a television program , or in between programs .
how many days are in a leap year  for example , in the gregorian calendar ( a common solar calendar ) , february in a leap year has 29 days instead of the usual 28 , so the year lasts 366 days instead of the usual 365 .
what county is bethlehem pa in  bethlehem is a city in lehigh and northampton counties in the lehigh valley region of eastern pennsylvania , in the united states .
what company is cricket wireless by  the company is a subsidiary of leap wireless , utilizing its cdma 1x , 1xev-do and lte networks .
how many numbers on a credit card  an iso/iec 7812 card number is typically 16 digits in length , and consists of:
what does hair testing show  a drug test is a technical analysis of a biological specimen – for example urine , hair , blood , sweat , or oral fluid / saliva – to determine the presence or absence of specified parent drugs or their metabolites .
how did john f. kennedy die ?  kennedy was assassinated on november 22 , 1963 in dallas , texas .
how many members are in the house of representatives  the total number of voting representatives is fixed by law at 435 .
what does uncle sam represent to the american people  uncle sam ( initials u.s. ) is a common national personification of the american government that , according to legend , came into use during the war of 1812 and was supposedly named for samuel wilson .
what does karma mean in buddhism  karma ( sanskrit , also karman , pāli : kamma ) means `` action '' or `` doing '' ; whatever one does , says , or thinks is a karma .
what does karma mean in buddhism  in buddhism , the term karma is used specifically for those actions which spring from the intention ( sanskrit : cetanā , pali : cetana ) of an unenlightened being .
what does karma mean in buddhism  as one scholar states , `` the buddhist theory of action and result ( karmaphala ) is fundamental to much of buddhist doctrine , because it provides a coherent model of the functioning of the world and its beings , which in turn forms the doctrinal basis for the buddhist explanations of the path of liberation from the world and its result , nirvāṇa . ''
how do insulin syringes work  the plunger can be pulled and pushed along inside a cylindrical tube ( called a barrel ) , allowing the syringe to take in and expel a liquid or gas through an at the open end of the tube .
how did david carradine die  he died on june 3 , 2009 , apparently of auto-erotic asphyxiation .
what causes a small bowel obstruction  bowel obstruction ( or intestinal obstruction ) is a mechanical or functional obstruction of the intestines , preventing the normal transit of the products of digestion .
how was the president involved in the gulf war  u.s. president george h. w. bush deployed u.s. forces into saudi arabia , and urged other countries to send their own forces to the scene .
what county is bolingbrook il in ?  bolingbrook is a large village in will and dupage counties in the u.s. state of illinois .
how many amendments in us  the constitution has been amended seventeen additional times ( for a total of twenty-seven amendments ) .
how many muslims live in the united kingdom ?  today it is the second largest religion in the country with results from the united kingdom census 2011 suggesting that by 2011 the total muslim population had reached 2.7 million , 4.8 % of the total population .
how many muslims live in the united kingdom ?  the vast majority of muslims in the united kingdom live in england and wales : of 1,591,000 muslims recorded at the 2001 census , 1,536,015 were living in england and wales , where they formed 3 % of the population in 2001 ; 42,557 were living in scotland , forming 0.84 % of the population ; and 1,943 were living in northern ireland .
how many players on a side for a football game  it is played by two teams , eleven players to a side , who advance an oval ball over a rectangular field that is 120 yards long by 53.3 yards wide and has goalposts at both ends .
how long to take iwo jima  the battle of iwo jima ( 19 february – 26 march 1945 ) , or operation detachment , was a major battle in which the united states armed forces fought for and captured the island of iwo jima from the japanese empire .
what creates a cloud  in meteorology , a cloud is a visible mass of liquid droplets or frozen crystals made of water or various chemicals suspended in the atmosphere above the surface of a planetary body .
what day is 2011 super bowl ?  the game was played on february 6 , 2011 , at cowboys stadium in arlington , texas , the first time the super bowl was played in the dallas–fort worth area .
how many mvps has kobe bryant won  he has won the all-star mvp award four times ( 2002 , 2007 , 2009 , and 2011 ) , tying him for the most all star mvp awards in nba history .
how many asian indians live in usa  indian americans are citizens of the united states of indian ancestry and comprise about 3.18 million people , or ~1.0 % of the u.s. population , the country 's third largest self-reported asian ancestral group after chinese americans and filipino americans according to american community survey of 2010 data .
what happened to george o'malley on grey 's anatomy ?  in 2007 , knight 's co-star isaiah washington ( preston burke ) insulted him with a homophobic slur , which resulted in the termination of washington 's grey 's anatomy contract .
what happened to george o'malley on grey 's anatomy ?  in 2009 , after the conclusion of the fifth season , it was confirmed that knight would not be returning for the show 's sixth season .
what happened to george o'malley on grey 's anatomy ?  the actor stated the reason for his departure was due to a `` breakdown in communication '' with rhimes , his character 's lack of screen time , as well as his decision to be openly gay .
what happened to george o'malley on grey 's anatomy ?  despite this , his death received mixed feedback .
how much did yankee stadium cost  also controversial was the price tag of $ 1.5 billion , which makes it not only the most expensive baseball stadium ever built , but the second-most expensive stadium of any kind ( after metlife stadium in east rutherford , new jersey ) .
what happened during the starving time in jamestown ?  lack of access to water and a relatively dry rain season crippled the agricultural production of the colonists .
what happened during the starving time in jamestown ?  a fleet from england , damaged by a hurricane , arrived months behind schedule with new colonists , but without expected food supplies .
what happened during the starving time in jamestown ?  there is scientific evidence that the settlers at jamestown had turned to cannibalism during the starving time .
what food is in afghan  afghan cuisine is largely based upon the nation 's chief crops ; cereals like wheat , maize , barley and rice .
what food is in afghan  accompanying these staples are dairy products ( yogurt and whey ) , various nuts , and native vegetables , as well as fresh and dried fruits ; afghanistan is well known for its grapes .
how kimberlite pipes form  volcanic pipes are relatively rare .
what county is coatesville indiana located in  coatesville is a town in clay township , hendricks county , indiana , united states .
what does continuous improvement mean  a continual improvement process , also often called a continuous improvement process ( abbreviated as cip or ci ) , is an ongoing effort to improve products , services , or processes .
what are points on a mortgage  points , sometimes also called a `` discount point '' , are a form of pre-paid interest .
what is a fy quarter  a fiscal year ( or financial year , or sometimes budget year ) is a period used for calculating annual ( `` yearly '' ) financial statements in businesses and other organizations .
who wrote a rose is a rose is a rose  the sentence `` rose is a rose is a rose is a rose . '' was written by gertrude stein as part of the 1913 poem sacred emily , which appeared in the 1922 book geography and plays .
what is a notary for  a notary public ( or notary or public notary ) in the common law world is a public officer constituted by law to serve the public in non-contentious matters usually concerned with estates , deeds , powers-of-attorney , and foreign and international business .
what is a notary for  a notary 's main functions are to administer oaths and affirmations , take affidavits and statutory declarations , witness and authenticate the execution of certain classes of documents , take acknowledgments of deeds and other conveyances , protest notes and bills of exchange , provide notice of foreign drafts , prepare marine or ship 's protests in cases of damage , provide exemplifications and notarial copies , and perform certain other official acts depending on the jurisdiction .
who played the lead roles in the movie leaving las vegas  nicolas cage stars as a suicidal alcoholic who has ended his personal and professional life to drink himself to death in las vegas .
what is a cmm machine  a coordinate measuring machine is a device for measuring the physical geometrical characteristics of an object .
what percentage of water in in the body  arthur guyton 's textbook of medical physiology states that `` the total amount of water in a man of average weight ( 70 kilograms ) is approximately 40 litres , averaging 57 percent of his total body weight .
what percentage of water in in the body  in a newborn infant , this may be as high as 75 percent of the body weight , but it progressively decreases from birth to old age , most of the decrease occurring during the first 10 years of life .
what is a day care for ?  child care or day care is the care of a child during the day by a person other than the child 's legal guardians , typically performed by someone outside the child 's immediate family .
where does a flea live  fleas are external parasites , living by hematophagy off the blood of mammals and birds .
what is a group of deer called  deer ( singular and plural ) are the ruminant mammals forming the family cervidae .
what state was john mccain a senator in during the 2008 election  democrat barack obama , then the junior senator from illinois , defeated republican john mccain , the senior senator from arizona .
where do crocodiles live  crocodiles ( subfamily crocodylinae ) or true crocodiles are large aquatic tetrapods that live throughout the tropics in africa , asia , the americas and australia .
what relates to erosion  erosion is the process by which soil and rock are removed from the earth 's surface by exogenetic processes such as wind or water flow , and then transported and deposited in other locations .
what relates to erosion  water and wind erosion are now the two primary causes of land degradation ; combined , they are responsible for 84 % of degraded acreage , making excessive erosion one of the most significant global environmental problems .
where in oregon is albany  albany is the 11th largest city in the u.s. state of oregon , and is the county seat of linn county .
where in oregon is albany  it is located in the willamette valley at the confluence of the calapooia river and the willamette river in both linn and benton counties , just east of corvallis and south of salem .
what year did isaac newton die  sir isaac newton ( 25 december 164220 march 1727 ) was an english physicist and mathematician who is widely regarded as one of the most influential scientists of all time and as a key figure in the scientific revolution .
where fourth of july came from  independence day , commonly known as the fourth of july , is a federal holiday in the united states commemorating the adoption of the declaration of independence on july 4 , 1776 , declaring independence from the kingdom of great britain .
what are layers of the ionosphere  the ionosphere is a region of the upper atmosphere , from about to altitude , and includes the thermosphere and parts of the mesosphere and exosphere .
what is a newsgroup message  a usenet newsgroup is a usually within the usenet system , for messages posted from many users in different locations .
what are some legal uses of meth  although rarely prescribed , methamphetamine hydrochloride is approved by the u.s. food and drug administration ( fda ) for the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and obesity under the trade name desoxyn .
where does the word baptism come from  baptism ( from the greek noun βάπτισμα baptisma ; itself derived from βαπτισμός baptismos , washing ) is a christian rite of admission ( or adoption ) , almost invariably with the use of water , into the christian church generally and also a particular church tradition .
what school did zach thomas play for before making it in to the nfl  he played college football for texas tech university , and was recognized as an all-american .
what order is the moth  a moth is an insect related to the butterfly , both being of the order lepidoptera .
what kind of school is mit  the mit sloan school of management ( also known as mit sloan or sloan ) is the business school of the massachusetts institute of technology , in cambridge , massachusetts , usa .
what part of the earth 's structure is believed to consist of tectonic plates  on earth , there are seven or eight major plates ( depending on how they are defined ) and many minor plates .
what is a letterbox movie  letterboxing is the practice of transferring film shot in a widescreen aspect ratio to standard-width video formats while preserving the film 's original aspect ratio .
what is a letterbox movie  the resulting videographic image has mattes ( black bars ) above and below it ; these mattes are part of the image ( i.e. , of each frame of the video signal ) .
what is a popular people meter  a people meter is an audience measurement tool used to measure the viewing habits of tv and cable audiences .
when to use semicolon  the italian printer aldus manutius the elder established the practice of using the semicolon to separate words of opposed meaning and to indicate interdependent statements .
who sang black velvet  `` black velvet '' is a blues verse with a rock chorus written by canadian songwriters christopher ward and david tyson , recorded by canadian singer songwriter alannah myles .
what are heritable traits  heritability of a trait within a population is the proportion of observable differences in a trait between individuals within a population that is due to genetic differences .
what year was christianity introduced to sub-saharan africa  christianity in africa began in egypt in the middle of the 1st century .
what is a d.o . stand for medical doctor  doctor of osteopathic medicine ( d.o . or do ) is a professional doctoral degree for physicians offered by medical schools in the united states .
what is a wwii theater  the european theatre of world war ii , also known as the european war , was a huge area of heavy fighting across europe from germany 's invasion of poland on september 1 , 1939 until the end of the war with the german unconditional surrender on may 8 , 1945 ( v-e day ) .
who invaded north africa during ww2  operation torch ( initially called operation gymnast ) was the british – american invasion of french north africa in world war ii during the north african campaign , started on 8 november 1942 .
what years was the c5 vette produced  the chevrolet corvette ( c5 ) is a sports car produced by the chevrolet division of general motors for the 1997 through 2004 model years .
when does the royal standard fly ?  the royal standard of the united kingdom is flown when the queen is in residence in one of the royal residences .
when does the royal standard fly ?  the royal standard is flown at royal residences only when the sovereign is present .
what are the lateral and median apertures of the brain ?  it is an opening in each lateral extremity of the lateral recess of the fourth ventricle of the human brain , which also has a single median aperture .
what part of the pig do pork chops come from  a pork chop is a chop of pork ( a meat chop ) cut perpendicularly to the spine of the pig and usually containing a rib or part of a vertebra , served as an individual portion .
what are the parts of plant stems ?  the stem is normally divided into nodes and internodes , the nodes hold buds which grow into one or more leaves , inflorescence ( flowers ) , conifer cones , roots , other stems etc .
what is an army specialist  specialist ( abbreviated `` spc '' ) is one of the four junior enlisted ranks in the u.s. army , just above private first class and equivalent in pay grade to corporal .
when did spongebob first air  the pilot episode of spongebob squarepants first aired in the united states on nickelodeon on may 1 , 1999 , following the nickelodeon kids ' choice awards .
what are d.o . of medicine  doctor of osteopathic medicine ( d.o . or do ) is a professional doctoral degree for physicians offered by medical schools in the united states .
what are d.o . of medicine  holders of the d.o . degree are known as osteopathic physicians and have the same rights , privileges , and responsibilities as physicians with a doctor of medicine degree ( m.d . ) .
what is active learning strategies  active learning is an umbrella term that refers to several models of instruction that focus the responsibility of learning on learners .
who sang i want to dance with somebody  `` i wan na dance with somebody ( who loves me ) '' is the first single from whitney houston 's second studio album whitney .
what type of business is walmart  wal-mart stores , inc. ( ) , branded as walmart , is an american multinational retail corporation that runs chains of large discount department stores and warehouse stores .
when did qing dynasty begin  the qing dynasty , also empire of the great qing or great qing , was the last imperial dynasty of china , ruling from 1644 to 1912 with a brief , abortive restoration in 1917 .
who owns youtube  in november 2006 , youtube , llc was bought by google for us $ 1.65 billion , and operates as a subsidiary of google .
when did texas become a state  in 1845 it joined the united states as the 28th state .
who made the matrix  the matrix is a 1999 american–australian science fiction action film written and directed by the wachowski brothers and starring keanu reeves , laurence fishburne , carrie-anne moss , joe pantoliano , and hugo weaving .
what are some six sigma tools used  it uses a set of quality management methods , including statistical methods , and creates a special infrastructure of people within the organization ( `` champions '' , `` black belts '' , `` green belts '' , `` orange belts '' , etc . ) who are experts in these very complex methods .
who created massey ferguson  the company was formed by a merger between massey harris and the ferguson company farm machinery manufacturer in 1953 , creating the company massey harris ferguson .
where do the mohawks live  kanien'kehá : ka ( `` people of the place of flint '' ) are an iroquoian -speaking indigenous people of north america originally from the mohawk valley in upstate new york .
where do the mohawks live  their current settlements include areas around lake ontario and the st lawrence river in canada .
where do the mohawks live  their traditional homeland stretched southward of the mohawk river , eastward to the green mountains of vermont , westward to the border with the oneida nation 's traditional homeland territory , and northward to the st lawrence river .
when did proof die  deshaun dupree holton ( october 2 , 1973 – april 11 , 2006 ) , better known by his stage name proof , was an american rapper and actor from detroit , michigan .
when did proof die  in 2006 , proof was shot and killed during an altercation at the ccc nightclub in detroit .
when did ww1 end ?  world war i ( wwi ) was a global war centred in europe that began on 28 july 1914 and lasted until 11 november 1918 .
what year did mexico gain independence from spain  the mexican war of independence ( 1810–1821 ) was an armed conflict between the people of mexico and the spanish colonial authorities which started on september 16 , 1810 .
what are procedure codes terms in coding ?  procedure codes are numbers or alphanumeric codes used to identify specific health interventions taken by medical professionals .
what year was smokey the bear invented  an advertising campaign featuring smokey was created in 1944 with the slogan , `` smokey says – care will prevent 9 out of 10 forest fires '' .
who said tv is a vast wasteland  newton norman minow ( born january 17 , 1926 ) is an american attorney and former chairman of the federal communications commission .
what is a duvet cover used for  a duvet ( or ; ; from the french duvet `` down '' ) , also known as a doona in australian english or a continental quilt ( or simply quilt ) in british english , but this usage is no longer common , is a type of bedding , a soft flat bag filled with down , feathers , wool , silk or a synthetic alternative , and protected with a removable cover , analogous to a pillow and pillow case .
who did mr bojangles  `` mr. bojangles '' is the title of a song originally written and recorded by american country music artist jerry jeff walker for his 1968 album of the same title .
where does angela davis currently work  she is a retired professor with the history of consciousness department at the university of california , santa cruz , and is the former director of the university 's feminist studies department .
who wrote west side story  west side story is an american musical with a book by arthur laurents , music by leonard bernstein , lyrics by stephen sondheim , and conception and choreography by jerome robbins .
who has brad pitt dated  following a high-profile relationship with actress gwyneth paltrow , pitt was married to actress jennifer aniston for five years .
what year was president kennedy president ?  john fitzgerald `` jack '' kennedy ( may 29 , 1917 – november 22 , 1963 ) , often referred to by his initials jfk , was the 35th president of the united states , serving from 1961 until his death in 1963 .
what is a monarch to a monarchy  a monarchy is a form of government in which sovereignty is actually or nominally embodied in a single individual ( the monarch ) .
who sang momma told me not to come  `` mama told me ( not to come ) '' is a song by randy newman written for eric burdon 's first solo album in 1966 .
who designed the statue of liberty  the statue of liberty ( liberty enlightening the world ; french : la liberté éclairant le monde ) is a neoclassical sculpture on liberty island in new york harbor , designed by frédéric bartholdi and dedicated on october 28 , 1886 .
who wrote second corinthians  paul the apostle and `` timothy our brother '' wrote this epistle to `` the church of god which is at corinth , with all the saints which are in all achaia `` .
who first synthesized heroin  heroin ( diacetylmorphine or morphine diacetate ( inn ) ) , also known as diamorphine ( ban ) , and colloquially as h , smack , horse , brown , black , tar , and other names , is an opioid analgesic synthesized by c.r . alder wright in 1874 by adding two acetyl groups to the molecule morphine , found in the opium poppy .
what type of land is savannah  a savanna , or savannah , is a grassland ecosystem characterized by the trees being sufficiently widely spaced so that the canopy does not close .
who set the world record for women for high jump  stefka kostadinova ( bulgaria ) has held the women 's world record at since 1987 , also the longest-held record in the event .
what type of ecosystem does stingrays live in  stingrays are common in coastal tropical and subtropical marine waters throughout the world , and also includes species found in warmer temperate oceans , such as dasyatis thetidis , and those found in the deep ocean , such as plesiobatis daviesi .
what religion is primary in africa ?  the continent 's various populations and individuals are mostly adherents of christianity or islam .
when did marlins start  the miami marlins began play in the 1993 season as the florida marlins .
what are the different translations for the bible  the bible has been translated into many languages from the biblical languages of hebrew , aramaic and greek .
what are the different translations for the bible  the full bible has been translated into 518 languages , and 2798 languages have at least some portion of the bible .
when did ms .drgs go into effect  drgs have been used in the us since 1982 to determine how much medicare pays the hospital for each `` product '' , since patients within each category are clinically similar and are expected to use the same level of hospital resources .
what would be the deliverables  a deliverable could be a report , a document , a server upgrade or any other building block of an overall project .
what is a google in math  a googol is the large number 10100 ; that is , the digit 1 followed by 100 zeroes :
who makes skittles ?  skittles is a brand of fruit-flavoured sweets , currently produced and marketed by the wm . wrigley jr. company , a division of mars , inc .
what is a 28 day cycle ?  this article focuses on the human menstrual cycle , a `` monthly '' cycle that can vary around an average of ~28 days per cycle .
who won the 1967 nba championship  the 76ers won the series over the warriors , 4-2 .
who make airbus  airbus sas ( , , , ) is an aircraft manufacturing subsidiary of eads , a european aerospace company .
when did the movie deep blue sea come out  deep blue sea is a 1999 science fiction horror film that stars saffron burrows , thomas jane , ll cool j , michael rapaport , stellan skarsgård and samuel l. jackson .
when did the movie deep blue sea come out  the film was directed by renny harlin and was released in the united states on july 28 , 1999 .
who wrote the song for star wars  the music of star wars consists of the scores written for all six star wars films by composer john williams from 1977 to 1983 for the original trilogy , and 1999 to 2005 for the prequel trilogy .
what are private labels  private label products or services are typically those manufactured or provided by one company for offer under another company 's brand .
what is a neuro tract  a neural pathway , neural tract , or neural face , connects one part of the nervous system with another and usually consists of bundles of elongated , myelin -insulated neurons , known collectively as white matter .
when did dr.carter g woodson die  carter godwin woodson ( december 19 , 1875april 3 , 1950 ) was an african-american historian , author , journalist and the founder of the association for the study of african american life and history .
what makes of the united states  the united states of america ( usa or u.s.a. ) , commonly called the united states ( us or u.s. ) or america , is a federal republic consisting of fifty states and a federal district .
what makes of the united states  the lower forty-eight contiguous states and the federal district of washington , d.c. are in central north america between canada and mexico .
what makes of the united states  the state of alaska is west of canada and east of russia across the bering strait , and the state of hawaii is in the mid-north pacific .
what makes of the united states  the country also has five populated and nine unpopulated territories in the pacific and the caribbean .
what are circumpolar constellations  in astronomy , the circumpolar constellations are constellations that never set from the viewer 's perspective .
what states allow same sex marriage  as of may 2013 , ten states— connecticut , iowa , maine , maryland , massachusetts , new hampshire , new york , rhode island , vermont , and washington —as well as the district of columbia and three native american tribes —have legalized same-sex marriage , representing 16.1 % of the u.s. population .
who wrote the song hallelujah  `` hallelujah '' is a song written by canadian singer-songwriter leonard cohen , originally released on his album various positions ( 1984 ) .
what years was the 18th century  the 18th century lasted from january 1 , 1701 to december 31 , 1800 in the gregorian calendar .
what year was the eiffel tower made  erected in 1889 as the entrance arch to the 1889 world 's fair , it has become both a global cultural icon of france and one of the most recognizable structures in the world .
what are land parcels  land lot , a piece of land ;
what species is a spider  spiders ( order araneae ) are air-breathing arthropods that have eight legs and chelicerae with fangs that inject venom .
what is adoration catholic church  eucharistic adoration is a practice in the roman catholic church , and in a few anglican and lutheran churches , in which the blessed sacrament is exposed and adored by the faithful .
when the body is systemic  systemic refers to something that is spread throughout , system-wide , affecting a group or system such as a body , economy , market or society as a whole .
where elephants live  elephants are scattered throughout sub-saharan africa , and south and southeast asia .
who is flo from progressive  flo is a fictional character who appears in commercials for progressive insurance .
who is flo from progressive  she is played by actress and comedian stephanie courtney , and has a fan base on social networks like facebook .
who is flo from progressive  flo debuted in 2008 through television commercials and has since appeared in radio advertisements and web banners .
who is flo from progressive  as of november 2010 , she had appeared in 53 commercials .
what is petit lemans  the petit le mans ( french for little le mans ) is a sports car endurance race held annually at road atlanta in braselton , georgia , usa .
where is humboldt ks  humboldt is a city situated along the neosho river in the southwest part of allen county , located in southeast kansas , in the central united states .
what is chep pallet  chep ( commonwealth handling equipment pool ) is an international company dealing in pallet and container pooling services , serving customers in a range of industrial and retail supply chains .
what is range in math  is a function from domain x to codomain y .
what is the ingredient in mustard  mustard ( or yellow sauce ) is a condiment made from the seeds of a mustard plant ( white or yellow mustard , sinapis hirta ; brown or indian mustard , brassica juncea ; or black mustard , b. nigra ) .
who are the members of the climax blues band ?  the original members were guitarist/vocalist peter haycock , guitarist derek holt ; keyboardist arthur wood ; bassist richard jones ; drummer george newsome ; and lead vocalist and saxophonist colin cooper .
what is paresthesias of hands  paresthesia ( or ) , is a sensation of tickling , tingling , burning , pricking , or numbness of a person 's skin with no apparent long-term physical effect .
what is paresthesias of hands  it is more generally known as the feeling of `` pins and needles '' or of a limb `` falling asleep '' .
where is cougar town filmed  filming for the series takes place at culver studios in culver city , california .
what is the population of san francisco  san francisco is the fourth most populous city in california , after los angeles , san diego and san jose , and the 14th most populous city in the united states—with a population of 805,235 as of the 2010 census .
what is rock of ages about  rock of ages is a rock / jukebox musical , with a book by chris d'arienzo , built around classic rock hits from the 1980s , especially from the famous glam metal bands of the decade .
what is general chu chicken  general tso 's chicken ( sometimes governor tso 's chicken , general gau 's chicken , general tao 's chicken , general tsao 's chicken , general tong 's chicken , general tang 's chicken or simply general 's chicken ) is a sweet , slightly spicy , deep-fried chicken dish that is popularly served in north american chinese restaurants .
what was the city of mithridates  mithridates vi or mithradates vi ( ) , from old persian mithradatha , `` gift of mithra `` ; 134–63 bc , also known as mithradates the great ( megas ) and eupator dionysius , was king of pontus and armenia minor in northern anatolia ( now turkey ) from about 120–63 bc .
who is basketball star antoine walker  antoine devon walker ( born august 12 , 1976 ) is an american former professional basketball player .
where is a famous alluvial plain  the mississippi river alluvial plain is an alluvial plain created by the mississippi river on which lies parts of seven u.s. states , from southern louisiana to southern illinois .
what is the si unit of pressure  everyday pressures are often stated in kilopascals ( 1 kpa = 1000 pa ) .
what is the great basin area  the great basin is the largest area of endorheic watersheds in north america .
what is in a tequila sunrise ?  the tequila sunrise is a cocktail made in two different ways , the original ( tequila , crème de cassis , lime juice and soda water ) and the more popular concoction ( tequila , orange juice , and grenadine syrup ) .
what is the function of the liver  it has a wide range of functions , including detoxification , protein synthesis , and production of biochemicals necessary for digestion .
what is the function of the liver  this organ plays a major role in metabolism and has a number of functions in the body , including glycogen storage , decomposition of red blood cells , plasma protein synthesis , hormone production , and detoxification .
what is the formula for calcium nitrate  calcium nitrate , also called norgessalpeter ( norwegian saltpeter ) , is the inorganic compound with the formula ca ( no3 ) 2 .
where is the 2011 mlb all star game location  the event was held on tuesday , july 12 , 2011 at chase field in phoenix , arizona , home of the national league arizona diamondbacks .
what is customary at shiva  shiva ( ) ( literally `` seven '' ) is the week-long mourning period in judaism for first-degree relatives : father , mother , son , daughter , brother , sister , and spouse .
what is customary at shiva  this state lasts for seven days , during which family members traditionally gather in one home ( preferably the home of the deceased ) and receive visitors .
what is customary at shiva  at the funeral , mourners traditionally rend an outer garment , a ritual known as keriah .
what is in a hot toddy  a hot toddy , also hot totty , and hot tottie , is typically a mixed drink made of liquor and water with sugar and spices and served hot .
what is name of national anthem song of switzerland  the swiss psalm ( , , , ) is the national anthem of switzerland .
what was the first year of kentucky derby  unlike the preakness and belmont stakes , which took hiatuses in 1891-1893 and 1911-1912 respectively , the kentucky derby has been run every consecutive year since 1875 .
what is the color puce  puce ( often misspelled as `` puse '' , `` peuse '' or `` peuce '' ) is defined in the united states as a brownish-purple color .
who is dr. jb danquah  nana joseph kwame kyeretwie boakye danquah ( december 1895 – 4 february 1965 ) was a ghanaian statesman , pan-africanist , scholar and historian .
where is big pokey from  milton powell ( born december 4 , 1977 ) , better known by his stage name big pokey , is a rap artist from houston , texas and is one of the original members of the screwed up click .
what is the erb/heart  in cardiology , erb 's point refers to the third intercostal space on the left sternal border where s2 is best auscultated .
when was pokemon first started  is a media franchise published and owned by japanese video game company nintendo and created by satoshi tajiri in 1996 .
what is the fundamental theorem of calculus used for  the fundamental theorem of calculus is a theorem that links the concept of the derivative of a function with the concept of the integral .
what is the fundamental theorem of calculus used for  the first part of the theorem , sometimes called the first fundamental theorem of calculus , shows that an indefinite integration can be reversed by a differentiation .
what is nicki minaj real name  onika tanya maraj ( born december 8 , 1982 ) , known by her stage name nicki minaj ( ) , is a trinidadian-born american rapper , singer , songwriter and television personality .
who is suicide tna  suicide is a fictional character from tna impact !
who is st patty ?  it is named after saint patrick ( ad 385–461 ) , the most commonly recognised of the patron saints of ireland .
when was mary anderson born  mary anderson ( 1866–1953 ) was a real estate developer , rancher , viticulturist and inventor of the windshield wiper blade .
what is stent surgery  in the technical vocabulary of medicine , a stent is a mesh 'tube ' inserted into a natural passage/conduit in the body to prevent or counteract a disease-induced , localized flow constriction .
where is the tibia location  the tibia ( ) , shinbone or shankbone , is the larger and stronger of the two bones in the leg below the knee in vertebrates ( the other being the fibula ) , and connects the knee with the ankle bones .
what is the prostate for ?  the prostate ( from greek προστάτης – prostates , literally `` one who stands before '' , `` protector '' , `` guardian '' ) is a compound tubuloalveolar exocrine gland of the male reproductive system in most mammals .
where is the sermon on the mount in the bible  the sermon on the mount ( anglicized from the matthean vulgate latin section title : sermo in monte ) is a collection of sayings and teachings of jesus , which emphasizes his moral teaching found in the gospel of matthew ( chapters 5 , 6 and 7 ) .
what is sado masochism  sadomasochism is the giving and/or receiving of pleasure—often sexual—from acts involving the infliction or reception of pain or humiliation .
what is the oath of allegiance of the united states  the united states oath of allegiance ( officially referred to as the `` oath of allegiance , '' 8 c.f.r . part 337 ( 2008 ) ) is an oath that must be taken by all immigrants who wish to become united states citizens .
what is the la tour de france  the tour de france ( ) is an annual multiple stage bicycle race primarily held in france , while also occasionally making passes through nearby countries .
what is the social norm approach ?  the social norms approach , or social norms marketing , is an environmental strategy gaining ground in health campaigns .
what is doxycycline hyclate used for  doxycycline is a member of the tetracycline antibiotics group , and is commonly used to treat a variety of infections .
what is sodium hypochlorite solution  sodium hypochlorite is a chemical compound with the formula naclo .
what is sodium hypochlorite solution  sodium hypochlorite solution , commonly known as bleach or liquid bleach , is frequently used as a disinfectant or a bleaching agent .
when was the tacoma bridge collapse ?  the bridge became known for its pitching deck , and collapsed into puget sound the morning of november 7 , 1940 , under high wind conditions .
what is brown flax  it is a food and fibre crop that is grown in cooler regions of the world .
who was mr big on sex and the city  john james `` mr. big '' preston is a recurring fictional character in the hbo series sex and the city , portrayed by chris noth .
what is the actresses name that played in walk that line ?  the film was nominated for five academy awards including best actor ( joaquin phoenix ) , best actress ( reese witherspoon , which she won ) , and best costume design ( arianne phillips ) .
what is the definition of a map  a map is a visual representation of an areaa symbolic depiction highlighting relationships between elements of that space such as objects , regions , and themes .
when was how the west was won filmed ?  how the west was won is a 1962 american epic - western film .
who is on blink 182 album cover  the cover artwork for enema of the state features porn star janine lindemulder famously clad in a nurse uniform .
what was the actress who played the pink power ranger  she was played by actress amy jo johnson during the first three seasons of the show , plus on the two feature films of the franchise .
where is al jazeera based  al jazeera ( ' , literally `` the island '' , abbreviating `` the [ arabian ] peninsula `` ) , also known as aljazeera and jsc ( jazeera satellite channel ) , is a broadcaster owned by the privately held al jazeera media network and headquartered in doha , qatar .
what is the purpose of child support ?  in family law and public policy , child support ( or child maintenance ) is an ongoing , periodic payment made by a parent for the financial benefit of a child following the end of a marriage or other relationship .
where was martin luther king shot ?  king was assassinated on april 4 , 1968 , in memphis , tennessee .
where is la palma africa  la palma ( ) is the most north-westerly of the canary islands .
where was hillary clinton born  a native of illinois , hillary rodham first attracted national attention in 1969 for her remarks as the first student commencement speaker at wellesley college .
who was daniel j daly ?  sergeant major daniel joseph `` dan '' daly ( november 11 , 1873 – april 27 , 1937 ) was a united states marine and one of only nineteen men ( including seven marines ) to have received the medal of honor twice .
what is the type of democracy in which all citizens have the right to make government decisions  democracy is a form of government in which all eligible citizens have an equal say in the decisions that affect their lives .
where was the first real roller coaster  the scenic railway at luna park , melbourne , is the world 's oldest continually-operating roller coaster , built in 1912 .
where was martin luther born  martin luther ( ; 10 november 1483 – 18 february 1546 ) was a german monk , former catholic priest , professor of theology and seminal figure of a reform movement in sixteenth century christianity , subsequently known as the protestant reformation .
what is the concept of `` wellness '' ?  wellness is generally used to mean a healthy balance of the mind , body and spirit that results in an overall feeling of well-being .
what is the measurements of saturn 's moons  saturn has 62 moons with confirmed orbits , 53 of which have names and only 13 of which have diameters larger than 50 kilometers .
who is the founder of twitter  twitter was created in march 2006 by jack dorsey and by july , the social networking site was launched .
what is google openid  openid is an open standard that allows users to be authenticated by certain co-operating sites ( known as relying parties or rp ) using a third party service , eliminating the need for webmasters to provide their own ad hoc systems and allowing users to consolidate their digital identities .
what is atherosclerotic heart disease  atherosclerosis ( also known as arteriosclerotic vascular disease or asvd ) is a condition in which an artery wall thickens as a result of the accumulation of fatty materials such as cholesterol and triglyceride .
what is atherosclerotic heart disease  it is a syndrome affecting arterial blood vessels , a chronic inflammatory response in the walls of arteries , caused largely by the accumulation of macrophage white blood cells and promoted by low-density lipoproteins ( ldl , plasma proteins that carry cholesterol and triglycerides ) without adequate removal of fats and cholesterol from the macrophages by functional high-density lipoproteins ( hdl ) ( see apoa-1 milano ) .
what is atherosclerotic heart disease  it is commonly referred to as a hardening or furring of the arteries .
what is atherosclerotic heart disease  it is caused by the formation of multiple plaques within the arteries .
what was the name of the uss john kennedy before  uss john f. kennedy ( cv-67 ) ( formerly cva-67 ) is the only ship of her class , a subclass of the kitty hawk-class aircraft carrier , and the last conventionally powered carrier built for the united states navy .
what were 3 important things that douglas macarthur did ?  he officially accepted japan 's surrender on 2 september 1945 , and oversaw the occupation of japan from 1945 to 1951 .
what is homebrew for wii  wii homebrew refers to the reuse of nintendo 's wii game console to run software that has not been authorized by nintendo .
what is homebrew for wii  in more general terms , wii homebrew refers to the use of the wii 's hardware , accessories and software for purposes outside those intended by the manufacturer .
what is korean money called  the won ( ) ( sign : ₩ ; code : krw ) is the currency of south korea .
what is in fruitcake  fruit cake ( or fruitcake ) is a cake made with chopped candied fruit and/or dried fruit , nuts , and spices , and ( optionally ) soaked in spirits .
what is the latest season of psych  psych began its seventh season on february 27 , 2013 .
what is the main component of vaccines  the agent stimulates the body 's immune system to recognize the agent as foreign , destroy it , and `` remember '' it , so that the immune system can more easily recognize and destroy any of these microorganisms that it later encounters .
what is preciosa crystal ?  preciosa is the luxury brand name for the range of precision-cut lead crystal glass and related products produced by preciosa a.s. of jablonec nad nisou , czech republic .
who are all of the jonas brothers  formed in 2005 , they have gained popularity from the disney channel children 's television network and consists of three brothers from wyckoff , new jersey ; paul kevin jonas ii , joseph adam jonas and nicholas jerry jonas .
who is mary matalin married to  she is married to democratic political consultant james carville .
where is the brisket from  brisket is a cut of meat from the breast or lower chest of beef or veal .
